(The following content may not be suitable for viewers under 15.)
(Viewer discretion is advised.)
Is it starting or what?
What?
Seo Jin.
That's right.
- Hey! - What?
Come here, and watch this.
I don't think the girl will show up.
- Kim Jong Min got tricked. - Is she coming?
I think he got tricked.
So Yeon!
Why did you turn it off?
I told you to play with Seo Jin.
Why are you watching TV again?
What's so interesting about a celebrity blind date?
Blind dates give me the shudders.
Because of you.
If I studied harder back then,
I could've become a judge, prosecutor, or doctor.
It's not like I have fond memories of blind dates.
Judge or prosecutor, my foot.
Studying hard doesn't mean you'll become a judge or prosecutor.
Usually people who study hard become judges or prosecutors.
Right. Sure. Whatever.
Anyway, if you hadn't seduced me,
I wouldn't be living like this now.
You're the one who seduced me.
You winked...
like this. I thought you had an eye twitch.
You're remembering it all wrong.
You flirted with me first.
You stared at me like you really wanted me.
Like this.
You went like this first.
You were acting all cute like this.
Don't you remember?
I picked you because I was scared. I'm serious.
No, you flirted first.
You winked at me like this.
No. No, I didn't.
You flirted with me first.
Why would I...
(Episode 2, Memories are remembered at your convenience)
Nam Gil. You have Professor Hwang's class, right?
I got this from the seniors who took that class last year.
Please take it.
You should keep it.
Nam Gil, this just came out. Try it.
It's okay, you drink it.
Goodness, who's your daddy?
You're looking so fine.
He's been brought up so well.
Goodness, why did I leave him...
for such a pathetic guy?
Hello.
Nam Gil.
You must be going to your class.
"You must be going to your class."
Do you think he's here to play pool then?
Have you lost your mind?
Or are you feeling lonely all of a sudden...
and want to go on a date?
What?
I said hi because I was happy to see him.
You were happy to see him?
After you embarrassed him yesterday?
What?
- It's Nam Gil. - Goodness.
- He's so handsome. - Gosh.
You.
Go on a date with me.
- What? - He just asked her out.
No.
Why not?
You smell like sweat.
How dare she say no to Nam Gil?
What's wrong with her?
- Goodness. - What?
- How dare she? - She's crazy.
I'm shocked.
Goodness.
No way.
When did I do that?
Yesterday!
Yesterday you dumped him because he smelled.
Today you said hi because you were happy to see him.
You're scary.
Goodness. My gosh.
That's why he looked hurt.
My goodness.
Why did I say that?
How would I know?
He must've smelled because he had just finished his workout.
You're such a germaphobe.
Right.
I must be crazy.
I'm crazy.
Are you sick?
It's not just kids these days,
but kids in general are scary.
Seniors of any department are your seniors.
I know you guys are idiots,
but I won't allow revolts.
Stick to the rules.
We'll deal with other seniors ourselves.
Gosh, these punks.
At least they're playing fair.
I'm so tired.
How long do I have to stay like this?
I'm dying.
Sir.
How long do we need to do this?
Don't whine.
Unless a girl walks into this classroom,
you'll stay like this.
There are no girls in the engineering department.
He's telling us to stay like this forever.
It's a girl.
Come in. Please come in.
Come in.
Come in here.
(Hankook University, Civil Construction Department)
I'm sorry I'm late.
Crazy punk.
Go Dok Jae.
Your hair.
Everyone, down!
You have no conscience.
He's a young man.
Of course you sweat when you work out.
Why did you dump him like that?
Gosh, Ma Jin Joo.
Hi, Jin Joo.
- What's her name? - Hi.
I think she's the department representative.
Department representative, erase the board.
Okay.
I'm wrong.
She's the department representative.
Hey!
Chun Sul!
You're Chun Sul, right?
What's wrong with you?
You sound like you found your missing family.
The professor is here. Sit down.
Okay.
That's right. This was when we used to always hang out.
But she suddenly took a leave, and we lost contact.
Did I do something wrong to Jin Joo?
I'm not sure.
Did she cause trouble this morning?
Everyone's talking.
Words travel fast.
Why did she take a leave without saying anything?
(Regent Heungseon versus Empress Myeongseong)
Did you all prepare for your group presentations?
- Yes. - Yes.
I can't believe this.
I'm back in school taking classes.
In late Joseon Dynasty, Regent Heungseon,
Empress Myeongseong's father-in-law, and the empress,
were always in a power struggle over different policies.
Even Empress Myeongseong was suffered by the in-laws.
It's horrible.
This led to the fall of Joseon Dynasty.
Let's see how you prepared the presentation.
Because of the refusal of establishing a trade policy,
modernization was delayed. That is why...
we support Empress Myeongseong.
She's on the daughter-in-law's side.
Yes, you're going to go through that later.
All right. Next group.
Who's the presenter for the next group?
Hey.
- What are you doing? - What?
Go.
Where?
Where's the presenter for the next group?
You are the presenter for our group.
- Go. - Me?
What? Wait. Hey.
- Go. - Good luck.
Are you Ma Jin Joo from group three?
What should I do?
- Start. - Good luck.
I...
I forgot what we debated about in the group.
Did you debate about it 10 years ago or something?
It hasn't been long. How can you forget?
Then just tell me what you think.
Is it Regent Heungseon Daewongun or Empress Myeongseong?
I...
think Emperor Gojong was the one that made a mistake.
Emperor Gojong? Why?
It was a fight between his wife and his father.
In that case,
he has to step in so that they can move out or...
We're talking about the palace in Joseon Dynasty.
Yes.
Regardless,
in these types of households, the husband is always the problem.
They can't mediate in the middle.
There's no daughter-in-law who can win a father-in-law.
But that doesn't mean she should listen to him blindly.
Daughter-in-laws like us are not puzzles that fit in perfectly.
Us?
So you think Emperor Gojong led the country to its downfall?
I believe that that is a possibility.
It's a fresh opinion.
Good.
Who are the members of group three?
(F, Lack of understanding of the topic)
What did you do?
We did this so long ago.
How would I continue?
We debated yesterday.
Let's say you forgot the contents of the debate.
But why did you say Emperor Gojong?
She did ask my opinion.
You don't know this,
but father-in-laws are harder to please than mother-in-laws.
He's so picky that he won't have kimchi with sand lance extract.
Gosh, I thought about him again.
- Who? - A father-in-law...
who acts like a mother-in-law.
Give it to me.
Here.
I taste sand lance extract.
You know I don't have kimchi unless it's made from anchovy extract.
Do it again. Do it again! I'm not eating this!
I'm not eating this!
It feels like I'm living with my mother-in-law.
Isn't this too harsh?
She wanted my opinion.
I can't believe this.
Is this your concept today?
(Movie Club)
Gosh, it's been such a long time since I saw films like this.
My goodness.
"Grand Blue".
We have "Flash Man" too.
Brad Pitt.
Now I remember.
Dok Jae, your hair is the same as Brad Pitt.
Gosh, you youngsters.
When would I see you like this again?
Come here.
Gosh, you're adorable.
What's wrong with you?
You're adorable.
Gosh, you're adorable.
It's been so long.
I will kill you.
Hey.
You can't say that to me.
No,
I meant him.
You...
Did you drink this morning?
Why are you laughing over there?
Do you see my hand shaking?
You... Because of you my arm almost broke.
Are you bored? Are you bored of your life or something?
Is that why you have decided to live a spectacular life?
My gosh.
My life is already a spectacle.
What is that crazy thing saying?
Are you still drunk?
Okay.
Right, I'll explain everything to you.
Listen carefully, kids.
I don't know what this is.
But what you are not seeing everything right.
You think I'm Choi Ban Do,
but I'm not...
the Choi Ban Do you think I am.
If you're not Ma Jin Joo, who are you?
I mean to say that I'm not 20 years old.
I came back to the past.
How would I remember what happened 18 years ago?
You're 38 years old?
With this face?
I have my 20-year-old face.
When I opened my eyes this morning, I was 20.
The year 1999.
So it's something like a time slip, right?
It's like something that happened in the movie "Back to the Future".
Yes, that it. "Back to the Future".
Gosh, you're clever, Jae Woo.
What am I like in the future?
You?
Wait. This won't stop.
Massage my hand.
Goodness.
Oh, my gosh.
How much do you have to work out to make a body like that?
Go easy on yourself.
If we get hurt at our age, we can't even fix it.
I'm more worried about your bodies.
Work out more.
How does my batting skills look?
But the director keeps saying that I lost it.
This season looks hopeful.
We need to make it...
to the Korean Series this time.
(Cheerleading Fairy)
You get healthy.
Really healthy.
How about him?
Does he walk around in this?
- Don't. - Gosh.
His hair might fall out.
Cut your hair. I don't want to see that.
Shut it.
Gosh, you shouldn't say that.
No, Dok Jae,
do anything you want to your hair.
Get perms, cuts, and dyes. Do everything.
Just don't shave it off.
You can do that any time.
What are you talking about?
How about me?
Do I...
have a girlfriend?
A girlfriend? Well...
- Do you like it? - Yes.
It's in the yacht.
Honey...
Do you think you only have a girlfriend?
You also have a wife.
I own an aerobic dance academy...
and participate in a woman's rights group?
Me?
Imagine you are slapping someone.
Imagine your husband in front of you. Slap him hard.
Slap.
Yes, just like that.
Jump! Jump!
Kick!
Your husband is acting up. Kick!
Go, go.
If you hit the wrong part, it's your loss.
You're not exactly a women's rights activist,
but it's something similar to that.
It sounds realistic.
I don't know what this is,
and I'm shocked.
Until yesterday, I was with that...
Gosh. Anyhow,
I'm so shocked right now.
It happened before my wounds could heal.
I can't explain everything to you.
But if I'm acting weirdly,
please understand as I'm from the future.
- You have wounds. - You have wounds.
We didn't know that.
It's okay.
You idiot.
You're crazy.
You must be out of your mind.
Is it April Fool's Day all over again?
Maybe she became crazy because she studied too much.
Your lies are evolving every day.
Where's that time machine?
Did you park it at your house?
Let's go see the time machine.
I'm hungry.
Let's go eat.
Smart kids are meticulous.
They tell such detailed lies.
Do you think I'm saying this because I believe it?
Wait for me.
I don't know the way.
Nobody would believe me.
Gosh, those young punks.
Wait for me.
I don't know the way!
Excuse me.
I kept watching you.
Because you're pretty.
Me?
Really?
Yes.
If you don't mind,
could you give me your number?
Goodness, I can't believe this.
He thinks I'm pretty.
Well...
I don't have a cell phone or a pager.
I see.
Then can I get your home phone number?
My home phone number? What is it?
I can't remember.
I don't remember...
I'm not doing this on purpose.
I really don't know.
Then tell me your department and where you live.
Goodness.
Wait. I have a pager.
Isn't he that freshman from English department?
What? Did you dump him too?
Give him your number.
It doesn't cost money.
Giving your number doesn't mean you're going out.
The pretty ones always act so snobby.
He really told me I was pretty.
Every time I pass by,
he says, "You look pretty today."
He's trying to sell something.
Who's pretty? You?
Is he on drugs?
No.
Even when I'm with the other ladies, he only says that to me.
I guess you look the most gullible.
No.
He's saying that because I really am pretty.
He always showed up around here.
You look pretty today, as always.
Well...
Thank you.
If you don't mind,
could we talk for a moment?
(Mommy's The Best Education)
This is an English study book for kids.
It's a bestseller in Gangnam.
Because you're so pretty and seem to be interested in education,
I'll give you a 50 percent discount.
Gosh, it's like I'm giving it to you for free.
Goodness, you have such nice skin.
It's glowing.
It's blinding my eyes.
You're so perfect.
It's a bestseller in Gangnam.
Because you're so pretty and seem to be interested in education,
I'll give you a 50 percent discount.
By the way, you have such nice skin.
It's like a baby's skin.
Gosh, there are so many pretty ladies in the neighborhood.
I thought you were the only one.
Anyway that guy is handsome...
and so good at sales.
He'll make it big.
Let's go home, pretty lady number one.
- Guys. - Yes?
I'm really pretty, aren't I?
Let's go.
You need a beating.
- What? - Goodness.
- Hey. - Come.
Ahn Jae Woo.
- Ban Do. - Thank you.
Drink this and come to your senses.
(Department of Engineering)
What's that?
Nostradamus?
(Nostradamus and the apocalypse)
Yes, the apocalypse.
Who believes that?
Did you choose?
What? Choose what?
July 24, the final moment.
What will you do?
Gosh. Don't believe that. It's a lie.
It's not a lie.
Hey, the planets are all lined up.
There will be an apocalypse.
The planets will collide, and we'll all die.
There's a rumor that there will be a world war.
They say the abnormal change of weather...
is controlled by someone in order to decrease the population.
We'll all die. There will be nobody left.
Be quiet! You're distracting me.
Guys, stay here.
Where are you going?
[VIU Ver] E02 Go Back Couple
"Memories are Remembered at Your Convenience"
-= Ruo Xi =-
- Move aside. - Ma'am.
- It's hurts. - Hey!
Are you insane? How dare you push her?
My gosh, I think punching you...
calmed my wife down.
Goodness, she looked very slow,
so it was easy to lead her on into marriage.
But as she ages, she started to become very sharp.
- Hi. - Hello.
Hey.
I told you I'd kill you...
if I met you in college.
You're dead.
"Medical Student's Night"...
only happens once a year.
You must be sad to miss it.
Yes. I feel bad,
but I have no choice. I have to study.
- Gosh. - Goodness.
Gosh.
I'm sorry.
I wasn't paying attention.
Watch where you're going!
It's okay.
I'm okay. It was a mistake.
Gosh, I'm so sorry.
Please take this.
Okay.
I'm sorry.
Gosh, you're...
too nice.
Don't be mad.
He didn't do it on purpose.
I told you you'd be dead.
Without the glasses,
it would've sprayed right on his face.
That's too bad.
(Ramyeon, 80 cents)
(Meal, 1 dollar 50 cents)
Amazing. 1 dollar 50 cents?
A meal is a dollar fifty?
That's really cheap.
- What? - That's a bag of chips.
Hey.
(The director should explain himself!)
(Why did the price increase?)
(The director should explain the increase in meal price!)
Are your chips made of gold?
What do you mean by a bag of chips?
It's delicious.
It's good.
Why aren't you eating?
I am. Eat up.
I'm full.
You're full?
- I'll take that. - I'll eat that.
I don't have an appetite.
How's the short rib soup?
Let me try it.
It tastes good because...
they boil it in a huge pot for a long time.
It doesn't taste like this when I make it at home.
Did you starve for a few days?
You usually don't eat other people's food.
Why are you eating so fast?
You'll understand when you have a kid.
What?
A kid?
No.
It's nothing.
Eat up.
It's so delicious when you mix them up.
I'm so full I'm about to burst.
I had such a great meal.
You said you were going to eat less because you don't like feeling full.
Being full is a good thing.
It's so sad when you can't eat...
because you have to take care of your baby.
What?
That's right.
It's about time you change too.
It was the right decision to make.
Yes, all right.
What will we do after lunch today?
Why do you ask as if you don't know?
What are we doing?
We have a meeting.
Meeting.
Meeting? We're meeting girls?
What's wrong with you?
Yes!
Why do I have to see him again?
Gosh, let's not get involved with him.
Ma Jin Joo.
Let's stop meeting each other so often.
Why is she here?
What is this? Is this...
Is this the first day I met her?
Is this the first day I met him?
Let's see how many of you can become couples.
Hey,
are they raising seagulls on their eyebrows?
And did they do...
something to their lips together?
Did you invite that bomb?
Did you see their hair?
They are like traffic lights.
Red, green... What is that?
He's the worst of them all. Look at him.
Gosh, he surprised me.
- Gosh. - Gosh.
Yes, this is where I met her.
Why did it have to be today?
No, it's a good thing.
All I have to do is avoid her.
Forever.
Why am I having a nightmare?
I've cursed this day and moment for the rest of my life,
baby.
Let's not get involved with her.
Let's not get involved with him.
You should eat first.
Thank you.
- Gosh. - Gosh.
- Let's not get involved with her. - Let's not get involved with him.
Should we introduce ourselves?
I'm a freshman in civil construction major, Um Won Hee.
It's not pronounced like "mother". It's Won Hee.
I'm a freshman in civil construction major,
and I call myself Kim Won Joon. I'm Lee Dae Young.
I'm Go Dok Jae.
Don't call me Dok Jae.
Call me Go Dok.
I'm Ahn Jae Woo.
I like to listen to the radio,
and my specialty is...
Well, I'm thinking about it.
- There's a cockroach! - Where?
- Where? - Gosh!
Where?
This is my friend's specialty. His speed.
You're funny.
I just need to avoid her.
I'm Choi Ban Do from civil construction major.
I'm 20 years old.
I was born in Byeonsanbando. That's why my name is Choi Ban Do.
I'm always thankful to my parents.
It's a good thing I wasn't named Byeon San.
This is the end.
You're just dung.
A piece of dung.
Now that men are done with introductions,
the women should start introducing themselves.
Let's start with you, Bo Reum.
How did you know my name?
What?
It says over there. It says Yoon Bo Reum.
(Yoon Bo Reum)
Yoon Bo Reum.
Gosh, I could've made a mistake. I didn't even realize I said it.
Gosh, he surprised me. I nearly thought he knew her.
We're the same age, so let's speak informally.
I'm a freshman in history major, Yoon Bo Reum.
Why is he setting himself up for heartbreak?
Don't do it, my friend.
I'm Chun Sul from history major.
I'm in history major too. I'm Go Eun Bi.
I think I see someone in your face.
You look like Suzy.
Kang Soo Ji?
That's not who I meant.
There's someone called Suzy who's young and pretty.
You'll see when you grow up.
No, it can't be.
I'm Seol Hyun from history major.
What?
Seol Hyun.
I'm Ma Jin Joo from history major.
- Choi Ban Do. - What?
You know you're the bomb squad today, right?
Make sure you choose the bomb.
What do you mean bomb squad? You're grown up now.
Let's just continue.
Hey.
It's your turn.
My turn?
Wait.
How do I know it's her?
They don't write their names down on their things.
I can't do it if I don't know whose it is.
Don't pretend like you don't know.
It's not your first time.
Do it properly.
Why does she keep staring at me?
It's scaring me.
Did she just pick me as her date?
Gosh, that's right.
She used to like me first.
That's why I ended up like that.
Jin Joo,
I'm sick of you.
Suzy.
Who's going to go first?
All right.
My life is in ruins.
I curse her.
I wish she'd go to the abyss.
Gosh, I'm so pathetic.
I feel so bad for myself.
My life has been ruined because of her.
Yes, Jae Woo. Pick your destiny.
I'll help you.
You picked it up.
The giraffe.
Suzy.
It's mine.
What?
How can this be yours? It's Suzy's.
Even if you like him that much,
you need to follow the rules.
I wear different earrings.
You wear giraffe earrings?
It's hers.
What?
It's hers. It's not mine.
Goodness, you brats.
I heard there were people who wear different earrings.
Shut it. You don't know how this could ruin your life.
You can't choose her, all right?
Shut it.
Look at him now.
There's two left.
It's your turn, Ban Do.
Choi Ban Do.
You're here too?
And yet you ignored me?
Do you want a new life or something?
Why does she keep doing that?
We can't meet like this.
Let's not get involved forever.
I trust you, friend.
I'll return the favor next time.
So you don't want to get mixed up with me.
You traitor!
What?
I got rid of the bomb.
Bomb? Got rid of it?
Hey, does she look like the bomb to you?
The flying pig...
is the bomb!
Gosh, you don't know anything.
The one I picked is the real bomb, a dynamite.
Her personality is terrible.
She's a shopaholic, germaphobe,
and she has anger management issues.
She's the ultimate bomb.
Anger management issues?
What's that?
People who have bad tempers...
and get mad spontaneously.
Well...
How do you know that?
It's because I lived with...
Lived with her?
I mean, I heard it.
Everyone knows except you.
Let's go.
Really?
Everyone knows?
Then why didn't I know about it?
I don't feel good about this.
Hey.
Still the flying pig isn't...
Now that we're all paired up, let's split up.
We'll get going first.
Thanks.
No problem.
We'll get going too.
By the way, where's Dok Jae and his date?
Flying pig?
Hey, are you crazy?
How dare you call me a bomb with a face like that?
Hey.
Jae Woo.
- Jae Woo. - Hey.
Look at me.
I'm going for a drink.
Follow me.
He ignored me before.
What is he trying to do now?
I chose her so I could dump her...
once and for all.
How am I going to dump her?
Aren't you going out?
Pardon? Well...
But...
she looks quite pretty like this.
You should've grown up just like this.
Is he...
trying to get back together...
with me? He's crazy.
No. You're crazy.
You can't. End it here.
Well, Ms. Ma Jin Joo.
Your physiognomy tells me that...
you should be studying.
You're a smart woman, right?
A housewife raising kids and doing chores isn't charming.
Why stay home?
You're hungry all the time when you're home.
So what do you do? You devour your husband.
All right.
You not only devoured me,
but you crushed me too.
So don't think about seducing a guy here...
and getting married.
Go study.
Study hard and become a career woman.
"Gold Miss" is cool, isn't it?
Okay?
What did you just say?
I know.
I know you're upset. I know.
But when you're older,
you'll understand what I mean.
Anyway,
study hard. Good luck!
I'll get going now.
I just want to make sure that you know this.
I...
just dumped you...
very harshly.
My goodness.
Gosh.
I'm a hero.
I saved so many people today.
You said you wanted to study.
Become a doctor or a judge or a prosecutor.
Be whatever you want to be.
Nobody else would've lived with you.
Other men would've divorced you way before I did.
You should know that.
Min Seo Young?
Hey, don't you remember my first love back in college?
Min Seo Young, who majored in dance.
I should've hit on her,
but I too naive back then.
Even if you go back in time,
you won't be able to date Seo Young.
If I go back in time, I'll date her.
Why would I date Jin Joo?
That crazy jerk.
Did he pick me just to say that?
Devour...
Devour my husband?
How dare he speak to me...
That jerk.
Where is he?
You're not the only one who came back.
Excuse me.
You're Min Seo Young, aren't you?
What?
Is that...
I'm sorry.
Hi.
Well... Do you...
know me?
You don't know me?
I kind of know you, but not really.
That means you know me.
What?
You're amazing, Choi Ban Do.
You went straight to your first love.
How did he live with me when he missed her so much?
Is this why...
you showed me a miracle today?
Jin Joo, you lived in vain.
It worked out well.
I'm divorced.
I was able to get closure.
Seo Jin.
It's dangerous.
Come here.
What's wrong with me?
That scumbag.
Scumbag.
Seongbuk-dong 31, please.
We're here.
At ease.
Fall out.
Hello, Director Jung.
Don't you feel ashamed of yourself?
You should leave.
We're not normally that friendly to each other.
Watch your mouth.
You should have joined the student council instead of the useless ROTC.
Why...
don't you do everything I tell you not to?
You even chose history major although I opposed.
You should even go on a date now.
That's a great idea.
Gosh, look.
He's so handsome.
Do you...
want to go on a date with me?
- He asked her out. - What is this?
I don't want to.
She's crazy.
- Ma Jin Joo must be crazy. - How dare she?
Why would she reject Nam Gil?
What's wrong with her?
Why?
You smell of sweat.
Fool.
What's wrong with her?
In the movies, they go back on time machines.
If it's not that...
I might go back when I wake up.
Aren't you going to sleep?
No.
I'm not going to sleep.
(To my love, Mom)
(Divorce, time slip, dream)
(A miraculous day)
Mr. Yoo!
Look.
Look. She's so funny.
- She's the funniest one. - I think so too.
What? What is it?
Watch television, or go to your room and sleep.
Why are you doing this to me?
Did I feed her something wrong?
What's wrong with her?
Maybe it's a late puberty?
It can't be.
Don't you remember...
how she was like in middle school?
She can't be experiencing puberty again.
Yes, you're right.
Then what's wrong with her?
It was good to see you,
Mom.
I'm scared of her.
Me too.
No.
You shouldn't fall asleep.
Don't fall asleep.
No.
Get a hold of yourself.
What is this?
Gosh.
I'm the same as yesterday.
Yes! Yes!
I didn't go back.
(What really happened in 1999)
(Epilogue)
Hey,
are they raising seagulls on their eyebrows?
And did they do...
something to their lips together?
Hey.
Did you invite that bomb?
She's about to explode.
There's two two left.
It's your turn, Ban Do.
Hey,
you know you're the bomb squad today, right?
It's your turn today.
Let me take a picture of you.
Some people here might even get married for all we know.
What are you doing?
(Go Back Couple)
- Give me everything we have. - Gosh.
He's going to cause a big problem.
Do you think I did something to live my life again?
She's like Jeon Do Yeon.
Now that we're back, I'm going to enjoy my life.
Can I have your number?
I told you not to flirt.
I'm sorry.
I didn't know I'd come to a club with you.
Why did you come?
When would I come to a place like this again?
He's the one who's into me.
Doctor Park?